Cindy.
Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Greetings.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we have
We have Starbucks.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that means I have an uncompensated couple on my hands.
Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, do you want to, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you also have I've got a really short little share. Let me see how many items. This is 1234 678-910-1112 1314 1516 1718 1919 item little sort of like art scale thing. If you can each have piece of paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then we're in that
Gwenevere Abriel: place for us to start if it turns out you guys already have something really pressing aside from the obvious.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can start, we can start, start somewhere else.
Cynthia We: Okay, I don't think we do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well I'm gonna start a note, while everybody kind of settles in,
Gwenevere Abriel: Might need us.
Cynthia We: Already got his paper.
Right.
And you stand up.
Cynthia We: Oh, that's nice. Now I can see. Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whose birthday was it recently.
Gwenevere Abriel: She nine. How old is she,
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like that he was
Cynthia We: Heartbroken because she couldn't have her friend over her birthday, and then she was supposed to have a sleep over once school got back in session.
Cynthia We: Yeah, it can happen so
Gwenevere Abriel: Celebrated another time.
Cynthia We: Yeah, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: We're all going through this. I got you. I got us some similar. A lot of people are well first, good morning. Scott, how are you
Cynthia We: Morning.
Cynthia We: How are you
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm good. Just, it kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Waking up. You guys are waking up. Yep. Okay. Cool. All right. Very nice. So let me open up a note here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you already sort of have
Gwenevere Abriel: A place that you want to start with, or do you want me to take the lead today.
Yo,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yo,
Cynthia We: Yo, yo.
Cynthia We: You may take me
Gwenevere Abriel: I never have a problem with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: never shy about it. Alright, so let me see. No, not 19. We're going to do a new one. Let's go here in just a sec.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'll do is I'm going to share the screen. And I think what I say there were 19 they're not listed, they're not
Gwenevere Abriel: Numbered but maybe you can number them and we'll just do like card scale of zero to 10. Let's just have this be a nice neutral point of discussion.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I will say, Let's not look at one another's page I think kind of doing this a bit independently maybe turning away from one another, while you're doing this quick little inventory might be more productive than being tempted to want to have something
Gwenevere Abriel: The same
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why we get the real deal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so still working on opening up a note here. So maybe maybe on the left hand side right numbers one through 19 okay and I can talk. I'm not great at it multitasking, but I'll try this is coming from a model. I've mentioned it before.
Gwenevere Abriel: Horrible Hendrix model of the Moto relationship there. This comes from that that model.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you want to do some looking into it, you can
Gwenevere Abriel: If you guys decide to continue to sort of work with me in this kind of way, then they'll be more and more of this integration of this type of philosophy and the basic premise is oftentimes
Gwenevere Abriel: We bring
Gwenevere Abriel: An unconscious expectation of our sort of caregivers from our childhood both all the positive
Gwenevere Abriel: All the negative
Gwenevere Abriel: And we bring into our life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone that resembles all the positive and negative or a Margot
Gwenevere Abriel: As ourselves, we end up taking our childhood that image. Some of the positive and negative and a lot of ways. It's the piece of the negative that ends up being the stuff that's in the marital discord.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's that is the model when you hear me say it. Oh, you guys are in a Mongo match or something like that, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll go, Okay, what are you talking about, so that's kind of what I'm saying. I'm saying it's this imagery this unconscious imprint that happens. This is what was familiar
Gwenevere Abriel: In my childhood. Oh, I can't believe it. Here it is again my marriage. How can this be I, why would I do this. Why, why would I pick someone that was the opposite of
Gwenevere Abriel: The negative attributes of a caregiver from childhood. Why would I pull into my life someone that doesn't matter, we end up doing that we end up having that motto image we bring into our life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Typically the piece from our childhood about, oh, I didn't like that they were this. How can this be in my spouse to you think I would have been drawn to someone, the opposite.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't work like that we end up. It's the same. It's just wild. So when you hear me say that, then that's kind of what I'm referring to. So
Gwenevere Abriel: See I'm no good at multitasking. That means
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't do it. I can't do that if they didn't open this note of almost there. I need to get you guys have your that you could be doing while I'm stalling.
Cynthia We: Zero is not at all 10 is a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And this is going to be our relationship vision. You can title it our relationship vision.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so obviously this is not comprehensive. It's only 19 items.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's a place to start.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I think I'm ready to share the screen and I can talk a little bit. So if you could resist the urge to see what other people are doing resist the urge
Gwenevere Abriel: To edit yourself. Try to catch that first response. There's no way to do it wrong. Might as well. Share the truth. Try not to censor
Gwenevere Abriel: Just put your number down, put your number down, put your number down. So we've got at the top of the page, our relationship vision.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you might say my relationship vision and you've got in case you want to reference this in the future, you may want to put the scale zero is not important at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then all the way to 10 it's imperative. It's important. It's urgent. This is
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a critical piece. This has got to be in there. This is a
Gwenevere Abriel: I draw the line here, kind of thing. I've got to have this
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so I'm going to share the screen and then if you want to write the words out. Go for it. You can also do a print screen if you want, however you want to do it, but really try not to look at each other's pages because again.
Gwenevere Abriel: These might bring up some emotional response. Okay, see if we can just sort of be honest with ourselves and write down zero to 10 and we'll have a chance in here to be able to kind of go over those
Gwenevere Abriel: So we have fun together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Important to be in this co creative vision of our relationship. If we were to write that together. How important would it be that that be a part of the Vision Zero to 10. See if you can write a number down
Gwenevere Abriel: And then the second one we settle our differences peacefully. Hmm, how important is it that our relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: If we were to co create. So that's what
Cynthia We: This is what we want to create. Right. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly how important is it. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to write a number. Okay, see what's happening inside
Gwenevere Abriel: You're running through it doesn't exist. Will it exists. That's not what this is resist it, put the number down of what it is important to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not what you think is possible, how important it is to you 10 is imperative zero is. I don't care.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sky. You need more clarification.
Cynthia We: I'm well. I'm just wondering why wouldn't just say tend to almost all these because they really, really want all these, um, then
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you're yours is defined refinement, then it's about attending that we we may like all the ice cream flavors. They're all before us. There's more than 31 flavors and indeed.
Gwenevere Abriel: We still have to pick one. So we're still going to need to focus somewhere. So maybe your register is going to be around.
Gwenevere Abriel: That difference between maybe a nine and a 10 maybe yours is going to be 9.2 maybe yours is going to be 9.5 maybe it's right in there. Maybe 10 is
Gwenevere Abriel: Without this, I walk out the door. So you see where your refinement might be. So you just tuned into that space. If they're all okay fine. Maybe not, but just really tune in to precision for yourself, then
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, they're not numbered I'll get I'll get to that at some point.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can be typing, I think, while you're doing that. I'll put it in a Word document.
Then I can actually have it numbered for you.
You
Gwenevere Abriel: Guys are so cute.
Strictly of
Gwenevere Abriel: Course not. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure. Well, well, we can pick that up later. Just pay attention to your first response to it. So you notice you have a question. Well, then that contributes to how important it is just go with your first response will work that nuance out later.
All right, I'm gonna do one
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it big enough for me. You guys see these or is it super tiny.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. All right. Okay. Yes.
Cynthia We: Old can't see as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something
Cynthia We: No good.
Worship. You and I see down
Cynthia We: 10 because I didn't confuse
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and I'm typing it up. Also, so that I can make it easier as well. I'm on. Number eight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is
Cynthia We: Your fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you should see if I was dictating and I'd be done a long time ago. But if I mess with the microphone while I'm dictating I might lose this video conference with you my computer goes Excuse me three things at once. Can't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get it off at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some good ones in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me know when you're done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow.
Cynthia We: Let's go back and edit.
Gwenevere Abriel: It.
I know
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I only have it up to 13 but I'll be able to type
As I'm going so
Cynthia We: Yeah.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So how many are there. So if we
Gwenevere Abriel: Share 1314 1516 1718 or 19. Is that what you have
Yeah.
Cynthia We: Okay, stop share
Gwenevere Abriel: Copy. Did you copy. No cheating.
Cynthia We: Just kicking
Our
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, um, let's take a peek. Is everybody has sip of coffee. Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's start with
Gwenevere Abriel: What this was like for you. Scott to do this activity so far. What's this, like, what are you going through right now.
Cynthia We: I'm probably over analyzing it, trying to figure out the perfect answers and um
Cynthia We: I don't know, I'm a little bit
Cynthia We: Yeah, I don't know, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so
Cynthia We: If it's good enough. It's just that most of the things are things everybody wants in a relationship. I don't think
Cynthia We: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Just see. Is it the perfect answer to what a therapist would want to hear perfect answers. So you could defend a position to your spouse. Perfect answer to your
Gwenevere Abriel: Your soul, where you don't betray what's right for you. How does perfect get measured
Cynthia We: Oh well, I think it should be what's in your soul in yours, not mine. Yeah, and
Gwenevere Abriel: What it sound like I wanted to mark these true and honest to myself.
Cynthia We: Uh, yeah, yeah, that I mean
Cynthia We: I think that's the right way to do things, I think. Yeah, true and honest to yourself, I think there's a
Cynthia We: Little bit of a
Cynthia We: Bad, but I don't know. I was just thinking, Yeah, I'm trying to answer, I'm sure. And I asked myself, but also
Cynthia We: If it's for our survival. If it's before I'm out the door, kind of thing. Well then, I guess I was thinking back to what have we lived with and
Cynthia We: So, so maybe I don't need a 10 on this because I know I can survive with less but i don't i'm i guess i'm not
Cynthia We: 100% sure
Cynthia We: If I should be looking at it that way, or just what I
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, sit and notice what's happening. Notice that it's
Cynthia We: Too much. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, we're both noticing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So go back to that, there's, you don't have to second guess your list that even if
Gwenevere Abriel: It was impulsive, even if it turns out when we really look at this, you say, wow, it's not something. Look at that number. I gave it
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder what I was thinking at the time, I wonder, I wonder if that was my first instinct and look at that number. I wrote
Gwenevere Abriel: I invite you to know that it's okay in here. There's, there's no wrong. Okay, it's no judgment on yourself for not matching it up to some ledger where you're going to end up feeling bad. It's not going to be that that's not the destiny here.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just the first one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did I give myself permission this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: To really want what I want
Gwenevere Abriel: To give myself permission to want what I want
Gwenevere Abriel: And then rushed in, so quickly. Am I allowed to do that. Well, now I am putting it up to what I've tolerated and whatever. And what will you know
Gwenevere Abriel: It sounds like it was hard for you to even do that first part just pure and simple. This is what I want.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is how important it is to me.
Yeah.
Cynthia We: It's a little hard. I'm there's too many things I'm thinking about about each one. And also, you know, I have a hard time sometimes between the difference between, you know, eight, nine and 10 you know
Cynthia We: Do I want you know is financial security 10 for me, generally. Yeah, but I guess it
Cynthia We: DOESN'T MEAN I'M OUT THE DOOR FOR NOT 100% financially secure know
Cynthia We: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's why for you this space of eight 910 was important, this was important. So, so I've got a really respect it. When you make a decision to put something at a nine. It was no small feat.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's why I was saying for for you. And both of you, the functions in between. And there are some skills that I might say, Well, why don't we do it right from zero to 100 now that gets more room.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe that would be more comfortable and I liked those
Cynthia We: I'm not sure if that was more comfortable or one to three would be more comfortable.
Cynthia We: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: But you haven't already. Here's where you have it eight 910. Those are your three numbers.
Cynthia We: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that's probably where they're all important to you came here.
Cynthia We: There, there, there are a couple that that there were like two or three of them that were low that didn't matter as much. Okay.
Cynthia We: But they seem to be more practical type things like living close to your parents, things like that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for you, the eight 910 like this. That was the area where
Gwenevere Abriel: nuance was difficult.
Cynthia We: I guess I do have some lower ones there, but it's mostly it's mostly
Cynthia We: When I read something and I'm like, oh, that I definitely like that. I definitely want that in a relationship. Why wouldn't anybody not want that and their relationship. So yeah, then it's it's hard to decide eight 910 yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so I'm noticing you you have. Now again I don't work with you on a regular basis. But you reference standard it to, well, wouldn't anybody you've done it just a moment ago, and you just did it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: You referenced what's acceptable with the self to why wouldn't isn't it logical that anybody would you do it real fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not right not wrong just that's I'm the therapist. Those are the things I noticed right
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm keeping that in mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm interested in what's important to you. Really interested
Gwenevere Abriel: And sitting with that might be uncomfortable and you may want to go to. Isn't this just logical wouldn't anybody. And I know that might be habitual but what I'm interested in is truly
Gwenevere Abriel: That space between eight, nine and 10 for you. I want to really understand it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, sure. All right, so hold that
Gwenevere Abriel: City.
Gwenevere Abriel: What has this been like for you sitting over there having to give it a number
Cynthia We: I had the same in the same reaction that most of them were time
Cynthia We: But you can't do that. But then I gave the instruction to Scott and I'm like, oh, okay. Well, so, maybe, maybe. Yeah. And then I started playing all the things that well I have lived with sense. So, and it's not so intolerable. So maybe it's not really 1010
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, let's do this.
Cynthia We: Let's dig in the eight 910 minutes well
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, does anybody have anything below and eight.
Cynthia We: Oh yeah, two or three things.
So,
Cynthia We: So we have a couple below I have more things than I thought. Yeah, I've got two to seven, a couple times, then
Cynthia We: When there are three of them that are low. Yeah. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just let me check in on on on the on the body and on the emotion level. Let me just see what's happening for each of you, we just do a little check in. So Cindy. How are you, how's your body doing. Are you breathing. How's the chest. How's the gut. How you doing, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: feeling grounded. Yes, you can feel your butt on the bed.
Cynthia We: They can, and I am breathing.
Cynthia We: Like what is on the bed. We are on chairs.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did it. I was like, y'all need to be sitting in chairs, this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, cool. And and for you. Scott, that might not be the same, right. She has a lot more time with me some, I don't know, something else might be coming up. Are you feeling any emotion in particular, you're noticing.
Cynthia We: No, I'm pretty comfortable slate anxiousness
Cynthia We: Up and going right in therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, wake up. How do you feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel good today. Okay. Like, anxious, though, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how's the body. Sometimes it registers something before we can label it like with those fancy words like the nuance of anxious versus nervous versus edgy or tense, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is your body feeling any kind of tension anywhere, any tight muscles any aches.
Cynthia We: Know you have an easy flow of breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. So what I'd like to do is have your turn, turn your chairs not directly, face to face, but just slightly off just ever so slightly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have a chance would probably be something like this. You won't be sitting directly, but you'll be just sort of off the angle so that if you needed to break I count on to contact you cut so many alternative break towards me. That's fine. Okay, cool. All right, now
Gwenevere Abriel: Very cool. And
Gwenevere Abriel: How we feeling now.
Fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. All right, so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to start with the things that surprised you that Cindy, maybe, maybe something you noticed about your list that is like out. This is a. These are my low numbers. And then I want you to share them with with Scott like some of the ones that are kind of on the low blow.
Cynthia We: Oh, and just
Gwenevere Abriel: You. So we're going to use. We're going to use a structured. We already know this is from the same all this, believe it or not, the I feel and mirroring is from the Mongo piece to let's keep that in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that we don't go too much into storytelling, we can really contain and hold space for
Gwenevere Abriel: For something that right. We might be kind of vulnerable and so we don't want to be flippant, we don't want to be judgmental. We don't want to minimize so we can just say, Hey, oh, so it was you're you're feeling. It's the vision for us is important to you in about a three.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's it. So we're not going to really go into arguing or debating the importance of that or wouldn't someone else right thinking with something else. We're just this is this is special. This is our own private
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of experience here. So Cindy, do you feel confident that you can share some things about lower numbers. Okay. So Scott, you're going to kind of tune in.
Gwenevere Abriel: For her without judgment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Knowing that it feels good to be known understood and feel safe without judgment.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're all going to do that.
Cynthia We: Would you like me to go over
Cynthia We: To them, or three of them or what
Gwenevere Abriel: You tell tell your husband what turns out it's not that. Oh.
Cynthia We: So I was surprised that
Cynthia We: I found
Cynthia We: Three of them. Um, we're not all that important to me.
Cynthia We: I'm the worship together.
Cynthia We: Loser. That is number six.
Cynthia We: Yep, I call these 00 not at all important. So you're talking about. I was talking about church really
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: And I'm my supposed to me or something, yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: You basically it's like a. So, so it's it's for you. It's going to church together is a zero. So you might say,
Cynthia We: Yeah, going to church together is this year.
Cynthia We: That we both have satisfying careers was a was a five. That was pretty low for me. Um,
Cynthia We: I don't think I ever would have said that earlier in my life, but
Cynthia We: Yeah, I don't really know what else to say about it, and also that that we live close to our parents to the team number 18 that was a three for me.
Cynthia We: Um, it probably might have been even one or zero, because as you can.
Cynthia We: Okay that's giving you some like some some leeway. Like if you want it to look close with your parents. I would be I would be open to it, but it's not at all for me to the parents.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that was
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it's important that you remember what I was doing with Scott is little minute ago.
Each of you do your own
Gwenevere Abriel: So what's your real number.
Cynthia We: Oh, we don't think of me.
Cynthia We: Oh, I don't
Cynthia We: Think of you at all. Okay, so I'll just make it a zero.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now if what was on there, how important it is to make sure my partner gets to express their core values. Why then you might put in a high number. See, it's there. Okay. This just isn't asked on this list.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. It's some other kind of list but not this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so zero. So we see a little bit of
Gwenevere Abriel: Not quite, sitting with your experience. So that might want
Cynthia We: I think, um,
Cynthia We: When march was here I felt that it was more important that the kids were closer
Gwenevere Abriel: To tell him that I'm
To have a grandparent close by, I felt
Gwenevere Abriel: When
Cynthia We: I love yeah I loved that. Good day advert ready
Cynthia We: And I think that
Cynthia We: That was something that was important to
Gwenevere Abriel: What number would it have been back then, then
Cynthia We: Probably a nine nine
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. Yeah.
Cynthia We: I know that shocking, but but I felt like for
Cynthia We: Her relationship and you know for them.
Cynthia We: They had she was great for that.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you mirror that back just that part because you can see something important is going on with your wife.
You
Cynthia We: Will you put zero on there but you thinking back to when my mom was here how important it was to to have that it was important to you to have a grandparent there for them. And she was really good with them and you probably put it at night.
Gwenevere Abriel: It should be close by to close by.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: You ready to another item kind of hot potato kind of morning we'll just kind of cruise through these and see what really, we need to focus on what else we got
Cynthia We: Um, those are my only lower scores. Everything else is a nine or 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Ok and now let me hear
Gwenevere Abriel: The
Cynthia We: 10
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll tell him.
Cynthia We: Okay, so what number number one was the
Gwenevere Abriel: Number one, that is, we have fun together.
Cynthia We: Yes, very important to me that
Cynthia We: Fun together. I
Cynthia We: Love it when we have fun together. Okay. Number four was a time when that's healthy an active
Gwenevere Abriel: Physically active
Cynthia We: Yeah, I think like that to me, meant that we're not like
Cynthia We: Super fat on the couch funding.
Cynthia We: That we're healthy and able to keep moving like people
Cynthia We: From number five that we communicate easily opening openly was a 10
Cynthia We: I'm that we're best friends.
Were seven
Cynthia We: Seven. Yeah.
Cynthia We: I'm secure and happy children. That's number eight. That was a ton.
Cynthia We: Of that you have a lot of times
Cynthia We: The nine trust is a 10
Cynthia We: That we are sexually faithful
Cynthia We: doesn't pretend
Cynthia We: I'm
Cynthia We: Number 13
Gwenevere Abriel: We share important decisions.
Cynthia We: Yeah, that was a 10 than a 910 you mean I edited myself. And as I said, You're not allowed to edit yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You caught yourself on that one. Yeah. When my typing stuff so I haven't typed in. I want to type if we could indulge because then I can pull these things up, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to go forward.
Cynthia We: Was also 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Or 15
Cynthia We: I'm daily
I don't know comments. Yeah, new
Cynthia We: prod daily private time private time. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, if this is 19 1817 1615 Tina.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. Yeah.
Cynthia We: Oh hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alone yeah you time. Meantime, right.
Cynthia We: Number 16 is also a ton. We feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Si vous. See, now I will take a second. Once you're done. And I'm going to real quick, type them up. I'm pretty quick. I do dictation.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll, you'll see it'll only take about 10 seconds but right now I have number 14 now we meet each other's do this deepest need. See, you can really hear the motto in that one poof mercy.
Cynthia We: You want to hear my age.
Gwenevere Abriel: You set me straight girl, okay, I got 16 done what
Cynthia We: I'm. That was my last 10 what 1717 is financially secure. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I really need to take these ups, we can keep ourselves together or I need to keep it together. Alright, so a 14. So let me just make sure I got this. I have your 10s, the last ones at 16 where there are 10s.
Cynthia We: Nope. That was my last one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so I'm going to just really quick. Can I just quickly dictate. Yes, I am the sound ridiculous because I will sound like this.
Cynthia We: dictating to the computer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm gonna make a type for
Gwenevere Abriel: Me sounds really ridiculous. My kids make fun of me when I do this but goes fast.
Cynthia We: I don't know how to make my computer do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have daily private time period.
Gwenevere Abriel: We feel safe with each other, period.
Gwenevere Abriel: We are financially secure period.
Gwenevere Abriel: We live close to our parents, period.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have similar political views period.
Gwenevere Abriel: See, I told you I'd be quick. That's awesome. Oh dude, I love it. But I sound so funny when people are nearby. I'm talking
Gwenevere Abriel: Family like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, seriously.
Gwenevere Abriel: Freak. Okay. Um, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's do the process in a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's just flip. So share with us, Cindy. If you could some of those some, you know, maybe a 789 point five for you with her. Could you share oh well 789 point five low ones. I was kind of kidding low numbers, for she was number three.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have satisfying and beautiful sex.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's my, that's a seven. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Number three. Got it.
Okay.
Am I supposed to be doing something
I'm
A worship thing. I wasn't quite sure exactly what I meant, but I could for slow
If it's number six for got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to share the thing. Now that I've got numbers on here and they don't make it easier. So here we go. Oh yeah, sorry about that before.
Cynthia We: I'm
Together.
Cynthia We: For worship together. I don't know if it was, I'm assuming it's more than strictly church but was. I didn't know
Cynthia We: This number 11 was a seven.
Cynthia We: Careers
Gwenevere Abriel: It is we both have
Cynthia We: Years. Yeah, important but not
Cynthia We: Not one of the most important for us, for our relationship or personal relationship. I don't believe
Cynthia We: But it was higher. I think because then
Cynthia We: Say, I was thinking of YouTube because I want. Yeah, I felt you hadn't been satisfied with your career.
Cynthia We: And. And for me, it's like, yeah, I want to like my job, but I'm no longer going to be a baseball player or a rock star. So,
Cynthia We: It's more about take care of my family.
Cynthia We: There was a six for private time. Interesting. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that was was a six.
Cynthia We: Yeah, it was a six private time I'm
Cynthia We: Trying not to overthink it.
Cynthia We: Of course, when I hear your stuff and I'm like was important, but I'm
Cynthia We: I'm assuming I just thought of it as more practical sense of family.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Come back, come back.
Cynthia We: 18 living close to our parents. I put a five somewhere in the middle.
Cynthia We: And then my first reaction was, it's not really important for our relationship.
Cynthia We: But
Cynthia We: Obviously it was important to my mom was around
Cynthia We: Political views I put a four. Wow. I don't know.
Cynthia We: I think it's cool when people can get along without exact political views, but
Cynthia We: It's not
Cynthia We: It's not a deal breaker for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's hear
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, sorry.
Cynthia We: No, that's okay. Those are the lows.
Cynthia We: All the laws, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Cynthia We: What 10s. Yeah.
Cynthia We: So 10s of best friends seven number seven.
Cynthia We: To feel like we're best friends, just as a foundation
Cynthia We: Number eight, was a 10 to have secure happy children.
Cynthia We: Number nine was 10 trust.
Cynthia We: Number 10 was a 10 sexually faithful
Cynthia We: Number 13
Cynthia We: Was a time
Gwenevere Abriel: Our team is we share important decisions.
Cynthia We: Yeah, that's important.
Cynthia We: Um, and those are all my friends, I have a lot of nines, but those are my friends.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have any in between that was kind of giving you that space.
Cynthia We: Oh no, um, well I put them as nine but
Cynthia We: I nine. So I guess.
Cynthia We: I mean, yes, I put having fun together as a nine number one and
Cynthia We: Our differences peacefully. Number two, because I think that's a
Cynthia We: One of our weakest spots from one of my weakest spots. I guess I'm our communication.
Cynthia We: Is handed him hand with that are weak spot and that's nine
Gwenevere Abriel: Number five, nine hi nine
Um,
Cynthia We: What is
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we work well together as parent
Cynthia We: That was a nine.
Cynthia We: Seems to all be connected to communicating
Cynthia We: Being on the same team being peaceful enough
Cynthia We: butting heads all the time.
Cynthia We: I'm feeling safe was a nine, um,
Cynthia We: That's 1618 and number 17 was a nine surprisingly wasn't a 10 i guess i'm not caught off because because
Cynthia We: We've survived this long not being financially.
Cynthia We: Um, so I might may not be a total deal breaker, but um yeah it's a high nine it's it's at the that's the one that's probably the forefront of my head in my stress every day. Yeah.
Cynthia We: And if you love be a different person. Not if I was rich are had money to solve my problems. That's stupid. But I feel like I would walk and talk and communicate differently if you're financially secure, I believe.
Cynthia We: Everything I did would be a little different.
Okay.
You
Gwenevere Abriel: Could not have said a more important thing here today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really explained the foundation with which you make, how you walk through your life and how you talk
Cynthia We: This is big.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, really respect that. That's a profound statement you have that self awareness, you know, it's the undercurrent going on almost all the time. Yeah. Okay, so we got to respect that and
Gwenevere Abriel: I really do.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's pull back from that and let's take a look at some other areas we've we've definitely spent some time around that topic. Let's see what else
Gwenevere Abriel: We can come out to this this relationship. Let's take a look at some things I happen to circle here which is um
Gwenevere Abriel: I noticed
Gwenevere Abriel: Number one.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was it like for you to hear that, Cindy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is a high nine I'm having fun.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Why don't you
Cynthia We: Do. Yes. Then we feel
Cynthia We: Like
Cynthia We: Guess I know that this is a priority for you. Hmm. Well,
Cynthia We: You might be more surprised to see that. I thought it was a priority.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we'll go the other way down. Um, so what Scott. Why don't you tell tell Cindy how you're surprised and Cindy, let's have you do some nearing are really
Gwenevere Abriel: I actually more than mirroring. I'm going to help you, Cindy with validation and validate is using story and context of really knowing this man in front of you, why he would be surprised. So we're going to get to that, but I'm here. If you falter. So once you tell her why you're suppressed.
Cynthia We: Well, I'm not like blown away surprised because I think that's
Cynthia We: What he said what most people would want to have fun in their relationship.
Because
Cynthia We: It doesn't seem like a priority, no like
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Only because it's a lot. Go ahead, send me and see
Cynthia We: The products you're surprised that it was a 10 for me because
Cynthia We: Us. Like it doesn't seem like it's a priority.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's mirroring. Now you're going to validate this is harder, you're going to use
Gwenevere Abriel: Context of your life to see how it came to that conclusion of being surprised if you can do it. I
Can see how
Cynthia We: I can see how you would think that
Cynthia We: No that's not it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, yes it is just
Cynthia We: Say something else.
Cynthia We: I could see how this one.
Cynthia We: Might be a viewer would lead you to believe that it's not that much of a priority for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's that's validation is where you say it, you say the behavior that he is seeing, we've got a name.
Gwenevere Abriel: For cranky to tell them
And
Cynthia We: That I am always busy.
Cynthia We: And don't always take you and the kids up on having fun.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: I see him nodding. I didn't even know that.
Gwenevere Abriel: always busy and I don't take you up on the offer so so Scott are you inviting to go to the park or go kind of do some hike or walk or something sledding or something.
Cynthia We: Yeah, that's pretty much exactly it. Yeah, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so here's our chance. That was beautiful. I guess I'm just excited. I'm like, I just learned something brand new like
I don't matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Cindy, you say, Did I get that right, and then followed up with. Is there more so turn to you so
Cynthia We: Did I get that right.
Cynthia We: Yeah, and is there more
Cynthia We: To the fun is more is it
Cynthia We: Oh, there was, but I think you kind of set it all. Um, yeah, it's just
Cynthia We: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Guess more. See if you can find in I feel it's in there.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I feel, um,
Cynthia We: Yes, we've invited you to
Cynthia We: walk around the block to go on hikes to go do something today.
Cynthia We: And yes, it's turned down a lot and some
Cynthia We: It's a, it's frustrating because I want
Cynthia We: I think it'll help us and I think for the family. And I think would make you happier. So sometimes I'm
Cynthia We: A little baffled why you don't ever want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, stay there only because it's hard to remember all that. See if you can validate that start with mirroring melody kind of combine the two.
Cynthia We: Um, so yes, there's been invitations to go on walks around heights or
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can look at him.
I'm
Cynthia We: Likes and on and I turned them down in your little frustrated by that because
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a little you
Cynthia We: Would have been feeling
Cynthia We: Frustrated by that because you think that it would really help us and
Cynthia We: Be good for the kids.
Really enjoy. He's also baffled yes and
Gwenevere Abriel: Now he did the meringue and I want you to. I know this is hard. See if you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Give a little story about why this is baffling.
To him.
Gwenevere Abriel: As he's not crazy. You're not crazy. So we can let our spouse know you're not insane makes sense that you would be baffled by mine not going make sense to me that you
Gwenevere Abriel: Got
Cynthia We: That going because I put this as a TED.
Cynthia We: That was very important to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about your whole personality and now the years you've been together. See if you've got a little story to go with that.
Cynthia We: And I used to be so fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at
Cynthia We: I used to be so fun and
Then probably not this event. So am I doing this right.
Cynthia We: Now I'm not as up for everything.
I understand that's totally back
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So did I get that right. Is there more. I think there might be
Cynthia We: Two, they get that right. Yeah, there's there.
Cynthia We: Can be yeah okay
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: So yeah, the baffling is yes, because I know we always used to have fun. I guess everybody did when they're younger, but
Cynthia We: Um, it was part of our relationship and and
Cynthia We: So it's a little baffling. Yeah, because I
Cynthia We: It's an easy formula that it would make us happier. It's something that I know somewhere inside you, because I know you
Cynthia We: And so it's baffling as to why
Cynthia We: You know, and so, so
Cynthia We: A couple things.
Cynthia We: So there's a
Cynthia We: When it
Cynthia We: When it's happened so much of being turned down to go do things. There's a
Cynthia We: Rejection comes in a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel rejected.
Cynthia We: Like, you don't want to hang out with me on
Cynthia We: And probably after a while.
Cynthia We: I still ask but I probably asked less
Cynthia We: And I don't like that that direction.
Cynthia We: That I'll become complacent with you, just not wanting to do things and then I'll stop asking, and then we'll just be more support.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Let's stop there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's refine it just tighten it with the I feel upfront.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel rejected somewhere in there when
Gwenevere Abriel: Turn not right that turned down keeps happening. And your prediction about the future. And I don't want to be complacency. If you can put that together. One more time. This is where you really listen, Cindy.
Cynthia We: When it comes I I feel a
Cynthia We: Certain amount of rejection.
Cynthia We: I'm sadness that you might not want to hang out with me.
Cynthia We: And I'm afraid for that leaves, I'm afraid.
Cynthia We: The more that happens more that becomes normal
Cynthia We: So,
Cynthia We: I'm you feel rejected when I'm declined go places with you.
Cynthia We: Here.
Cynthia We: And you're sad that maybe I don't want to hang out with you.
Cynthia We: And you're afraid of where that is.
Cynthia We: And I get that right.
Cynthia We: Yes, and I don't want to come normal afraid it's becoming
Cynthia We: Okay, great. That's because
Cynthia We: They get that right. Yeah. And isn't it covers the
Gwenevere Abriel: Last piece that you see if you can use your experience to validate him that's different than just mirroring. You did a great job. Let's see if you can do it with story.
Gwenevere Abriel: It makes sense to me that you would feel a certain rejection sadness and afraid that this is going to become you know you'll be complacent after turned down after turned down because you can pull a story.
Cynthia We: Make sense to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Looking at him as much as you can.
Cynthia We: I noticed my notes. And then I look at it.
Cynthia We: It makes sense to me that you would feel rejected.
Cynthia We: And sad about
Cynthia We: This about me turning you down when you've asked me to go places.
Cynthia We: I'm
Cynthia We: Afraid that's becoming or will be normal becoming normal afraid that that's heading in that direction of normalcy that we just don't ever do anything together because I have turned you down a lot. I have decided not to do a lot of activities.
Cynthia We: For many reasons, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: At the end, we're gonna right so pretty quickly, we run into. There's other pieces of this right we bumped into there's probably some reasons. And then we just did, they are. And so we decided to talk and we don't
Gwenevere Abriel: We got to pay attention to time a little bit to that a little bit of time left.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's been sort of lopsided. So Cindy, why don't you
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you share if you can with Scott what today. Let me share with Scott what today has been like for you because you did the lion's share right of of this containing mirroring and validating what you share with them what this has been like not to whatever but to Scott
Cynthia We: And this has been nice. I feel actually
Cynthia We: That we are very aligned off in a lot of ways. I feel like we want the same things in a relationship.
And
Cynthia We: I feel hopeful that we can
Cynthia We: I feel hopeful that we're not so far.
Gwenevere Abriel: And one more piece and Scott, it's hard to look at you.
Cynthia We: It's got it's hard to look at you. I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Cynthia We: I'm not sure why it's hard to look at you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're sorry for something you don't know why you're doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Something going on. There's something
Cynthia We: Oh, oh, oh, well, I feel. Yeah. Obviously.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's not going to notice it's just what do I have to do. What do we have to do. We got to pick a flavor. We've got all these things that we could talk about all these things to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we pick one and we write. We got to start somewhere. And so we started today. You let me take the lead and we did relationship vision. And you know what you guys have a lot in common.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that a lot in common.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think Scott, can you tell Cindy, what this was like to hear her her
Gwenevere Abriel: You tell her.
Cynthia We: I
Cynthia We: Don't know if I'm surprised that we lined up.
Cynthia We: I'm
Cynthia We: It's good to recognize that we lined up.
Cynthia We: A lot and that we're closer together on the spectrum. Maybe than we thought. Um,
Cynthia We: I'm glad that
Cynthia We: It makes me
Cynthia We: Hopeful to a degree.
Cynthia We: I don't know. I just hope we can
Cynthia We: Talk about more and apply it to our life. I don't know.
Cynthia We: Rather than just apply it to our therapy session. Yeah.
Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice
Gwenevere Abriel: Scott for you. Also, when you were sharing
Gwenevere Abriel: This you are having a hard time looking at her and Cindy, you are able to look at him and his cases down, you are looking right
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you know Scott that she was looking right at you when you were talking
Cynthia We: A little bit, but I didn't notice that I wasn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I get to, I'm a little fly on the wall right I'm staring at you. So I get to see that stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Scott for you, maybe saying, and we can both and sort of in that same way. Cindy. It was hard for me. It's hard for me to look at you when I'm talking about these things because he maybe you know why. See if you can look at her and see if you can say that to her.
Cynthia We: I guess it's a little hard or uncomfortable look right at, you know, talking about this. I'm not sure why.
Cynthia We: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Not sure why. Both of you are not sure. Yeah. Okay. All right. And we had a little bit of arm crossing to there was a little bit of right even
Gwenevere Abriel: Man, if you were aware of it, but you had you had a moment we kind of crossed over a little bit here. That's not our body kind of does that it's just sort of something important is going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: And, um, let's step back and let's just sort of maybe what's next. What do you both maybe talk amongst yourselves. And I'll just stay quiet and maybe talk about what you want to do moving forward. We want to
Cynthia We: Oh well, I want to keep trying to work on saying us when they
Do. Thank you.
Cynthia We: Except for asking.
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: Can I ask why.
Cynthia We: Why you think it's hard to do.
Cynthia We: Why
Cynthia We: Why do you think
Cynthia We: There's always
Cynthia We: Something more pressing
Cynthia We: I have prioritized my kit ship Douglas because I'm I feel like I can never get anything done and I feel so
Cynthia We: discombobulated and off kilter because I have such a hard time completing things that the fun
Cynthia We: takes a backseat to get things done.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so my next clients here but listen to what you guys are doing. You guys are naturally continuing I would invite that why
Gwenevere Abriel: Believe it or not, that word, the concept of it is lovely. The word can create defensiveness, where we have to defend our position, I would invite open ended like
Gwenevere Abriel: Therapy act like a little therapist with each other. You know what makes it difficult for you to go skiing. What makes it difficult, what is the challenge. What's the barrier. That's kind of what us therapists use instead of why
Gwenevere Abriel: It's more open ended. And that's a lovely one for for for kind of thing. Okay, I can share, you know, Sydney went for it. Anyway, so
Hope you can hear.
Gwenevere Abriel: I i
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what y'all know about each other. But also, I'll just say it to you, Cindy. I'm impressed because you're protecting your need to you've got this fragile sense of organization accountability. You're finally getting the hang of it, you're like, oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it go. Right. If you, if anyone has any. If there's anything even close to those you know diagnoses have attention deficit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Disorder. If we have a deficit in the ability to attend that one flavor of ice cream.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's very difficult to hold on to it. And so with tenacity were like, I've got to protect this I finally said I was going to do this thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's a hard thing to hold on to is to say, I'm going to stick with this this work this organization I finally did it so it's a hard thing for anyone who identifies with an add any, any kind of deficit around attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Though, that's the piece I'm hearing right now is you're protecting your boundary. So it's not. I don't want to spend time with you it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Really got this commitment to myself and and there are some competing priorities. So, what I see is you really making sure you're protecting
Gwenevere Abriel: You know some of your goals. Indeed, and and it does have an effect. But if you talk about that you keep this if I you guys log out and you keep this and you go to don't fall apart. Cindy, but instead, what you do is you talk about how important it is, it's so important to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And really going into it. Because Scott, if you really mean that that you want her to open up and tell you why.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can't be a setup for a slam that she doesn't have good reasoning. It has to be she's about to talk about something important to her. If you really want to know it's not to find the flaw in her feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have yours. I want to play with her, she is she's fun mean who wouldn't want around
Gwenevere Abriel: But and you maybe you know you miss hurt your feelings are real to they're not at the exclusion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of what she's going through. They can coexist. They can be look really different. Two people can want really different things at the same time they're not bad. They're not wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: We sort of lovingly do that because you both have this capacity to do that thing in here. I saw
Gwenevere Abriel: I want for you. Well, I happen to know to you value this. That's the one. It's not on this list but You both did it in various little items in here. You went well.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know she wants this thing about career. Whatever you did it. Scott, each of you did this thing where I want for the other
Gwenevere Abriel: Use that skill right now hold space for each other and just talk about that tenderness of it. Hey, Cindy, you know, yours is i wanna i want to stick with what I said I was going to do. It's feeling good. I'm getting in my sense of agency.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Scott you're having one around.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling rejected and you know there's no wrong. There's just this tender space, you guys.
Gwenevere Abriel: Recognize it if you if you don't go to that. There's no right way to do that. It's a loving containment, just listen and say, I get it. And there's no behavior change after that you just just this just, I get it, and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Later later when they have. And there's this. It's the first we go. It's okay. I got you. It's just containment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then we feel like, okay, there is space for me to exist when I am different than my sweetheart, there's space for me here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me guess what, like, Oh, you mean I have freedom. I have space. Well, maybe I could do some change but give it a little bit of time. Give it some days at least hours to let it just sit without asking for someone to change.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Okay. Text me. We want to meet again.
Cynthia We: Okay, thank you. Quinn, which will
Gwenevere Abriel: Be good to you right